Mr. Lin, after the last time you talked to Mr. Sheng on the phone
Mr. Sheng told me to follow up the whole process
Make sure Lin's Group gets through this difficult time
Thank you Mr. Sheng for me
Wang Tezhu, what are you talking about?
The person who contacted Shengshi Group was obviously me.
Miss Amy
I think you misunderstood
Shengshi Group has always looked at Mr. Lin's face
Only then did he agree to help Lin's Group
Amy, I'm sorry.
I'm too worried.
I contacted Mr. Shun in person again
You're not mad at me, are you?
My wife blames me for being disliked
The villain can't leave the group without you.
But the evidence proves that
I am the one who harmed Lin's Group
What should I do with my husband?
I've asked the finance department to check it out.
It was that bastard Lin Zhenyu who framed you
Sight brother what are you talking about shut up